# Friday, 13th Feb, 2026

My first ever entry...so lemme keep it short. I'm Ganesh Macherla, people like to call me Machu :)

I was a simple science student until one day I somehow got dragged into the field of computers...but just like any other shy teenage weeb, 
I never questioned why or how...I just went with the flow, like I always did. 
"Mehh, who cares"...was my mindset, but the deeper I explored the realm possibilities around me, the more curious I got.

I was always a curious kid since my childhood, but never in a way of putting effort to strive for something, 
Now that I've been shoved into a field I have zero prior knowledge about, I'm discovering things far beyond what my pea-sized brain can comprehend lol.

Everyday, I'm in awe of the spectacular things people do and I go around and look at them and I say to myself...
"Thats a sickkk idea, I wanna do it toooo". 
I've noticed that im finally having fun in whatever I'm doing...(Took me long enough hehe) 
So here I am....An idiot who set out with a "Go with the flow" mindset, now finding himself standing in a sea of people who are the most competitive of the bunch. 
Creative geniuses raised in this generation where technical capabilities are the norm...so, is that a big deal? 

Lemme break it down, I'd like to feel that I'm pretty ambitious (though my friends say otherwise, but anyways loll) 
I'm confident enough to say that I'm an equal competitor to everyone else....It's not just the determination or the grit that it takes. 
Im curious, I always was, but never in the right direction. Now that I've set myself a solid goal...I wanna learn, learn more and more and more things...Things I've never seen before.
As learning isnt limited, It all depends on how creative one can get to implement your thoughts into something real. Something that exists because you refused to leave it inside your head.

Theres a motto that i always follow...'Stay curious long enough, and you’ll eventually build something worth being proud of'
Because, every time I achieve something, I'm outdoing my previous self, as I get better day by day. And thats something I can say that I'm proud of.

Looking back at the path that ive traced, It's not all bad that's happened...every decision, be it good or bad, has made me into who I am. 
You dont notice how far you've gotten unless you look back and realize your progress, so thats what this is for. Proof that I didn’t stand still.


(well that wasnt very short was it >.<)
